--Part three. Describing what you want.
p-1
p-2
p-3
h-1
p-4
p-5
p-6
p-7
h-2
p-8
--There's an identity section at the top, a handful of behaviour flags in the middle, and three arrays at the heart — video profiles, audio profiles, subtitle profiles. Container specific blocks and an optional DRM entry sit at the bottom. Everything else the user cares about is one of those knobs.
p-9
p-10
p-11
p-12
p-13
p-14
h-3
p-15
--CRF mode takes just a quality number. ABR mode takes a bitrate plus a max bitrate and a buffer size. Capped CRF mode takes both — the quality number and the bitrate cap — for the hybrid case.
p-16
p-17
h-4
p-18
--They span General 1080p Fast as the everyday default, a low-bandwidth Web 720p, Archival H.265 for smaller files, an Anime 1080p with the animation tune, audio-only Music AAC, Chromecast 1080p for older devices, Apple TV 4K with HDR passthrough, Mobile 480p for data budgets, a no-compromise 4K Archival, and Anime HEVC 10-bit for the anime community.
p-19
h-5
p-20
p-21
p-22
h-6
p-23
p-24
p-25
p-26
p-27
h-7
p-28
p-29
p-30
p-31
p-32
p-33
h-8
p-34
p-35
p-36
p-37
p-38
p-39
h-9
p-40
p-41